Add task which can run shell commands on remote Host (#429)
tektoncd/catalog: task/remote-ssh-commands/0.1/README.md

# Remote SSH Commands

This task can be used to run shell commands on remote machine and produce the result. It is done by SSHing into the remote Host by providing the required credentials and the shell script which we want to run over there.

## Install the Task

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tektoncd/catalog/master/task/remote-ssh-commands/0.1/remote-ssh-commands.yaml
```

## Parameters

- **HOST**: The server host to which you want to connect. (**Required**)
- **USERNAME**: Connect as an user. (**Required**)
- **PORT**: Port number to connect (_default:_ 22).
- **SSH_SCRIPT**: The shell script which you want to run on remote host. (**Required**)
- **USE_INSECURE_CIPHER**: Boolean value to include ciphers or not. (_default_:"false")

## Workspaces

> - **credentials**: The workspace containing secrets which can be used to at the time of authenticating the connection with the HOST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **credentials**: The workspace which contains secrets can be used to authenticate with the HOST.
```
